Add Community profile files (#2)
WorldHealthOrganization/open-source-communication-channel: CONTRIBUTING.md

**With write access**

1. Clone the repository
2. Create a new branch: `git checkout -b my-branch-name`
3. Make your change
4. Push and [submit a pull request][pr]
5. Pat yourself on the back and wait for your pull request to be reviewed and merged.

**Without write access**

1. [Fork][fork] and clone the repository
2. Create a new branch: `git checkout -b my-branch-name`
3. Make your change
4. Push to your fork and [submit a pull request][pr]
5. Pat your self on the back and wait for your pull request to be reviewed and merged.

Here are a few things you can do that will increase the likelihood of your pull request being accepted:

- Keep your change as focused as possible. If there are multiple changes you would like to make that are not dependent upon each other, consider submitting them as separate pull requests.
- Write [good commit messages](http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html).

Work in Progress pull requests are also welcome to get feedback early on, or if there is something blocking you.

- Create a branch with a name that identifies the user and nature of the changes (similar to `user/branch-purpose`)

> - Open a pull request and request a review from the `@github/ps-delivery` team

Author: ```suggestion
- Open a pull request and request a review from the `@WorldHealthOrganization/who-admins` team
```
